Hi Klaas,

Here's my draw.php files to give you a good idea of my version of tabbie. I
chucked all codes relating to adj sorting and sorting by universities, since
the tab was intended to run an open and our internal tournaments. I also
changed the way teams were sorted, power pairing everyone from round 2
according to speaker points and team points. There is no folding till the
break (which I did manually) so there's no code for that either.

The main file is draw3.php, which may be confusing and may not be entirely
code efficient due to my limited knowledge of MySQL and Php. If you know any
way to make the code much shorter I would be much obliged.

The 24 position combination test (built upon Craggie) is basically one
extended switch statement which tests for the minimum number of times table
positions are allocated. Since LSE doesn't run any tournaments bigger than 5
or 6 rounds, I felt stopping at 9 repeats was sufficient (you'll probably
understand this when you take a look at the code).

The shortcoming of the code as written (and with Craggie) is that since it
follows the way the 24 combinations are written, cycling through them from
1-24 when it checks the number of repeats, the code has an inherent bias to
combinations which are listed first. This bias is what allows it to always
reproduce the same result, but sometimes I question the need for such a
requirement (though your manual is clear on the advantages of eliminating
cheating this way).

I'm not sure how much I can help you on the tab project in the long term
since next year is my last year and I'm not tab master for the next LSE
Open, (which you should come down for!). My coding skills are also very
basic. However, I would not mind being involved and giving useful
comments/ideas if I have any, since tabbie is well worth improving.

Joshua